graphty-element/README.md, before:

[Progressive WebXR](https://blog.mozvr.com/progressive-webxr-ar-store/)
Forcegraph with batteries included.

Inspired by [three-forcegraph](https://github.com/vasturiano/three-forcegraph).

Examples:
- [Basic](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/basic.html) ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/basic.html))
- [Styles](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/styles.html) ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/styles.html))
- [Pretty](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/pretty.html) ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/pretty.html))
- [Loading JSON data](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/json_data.html) ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/json_data.html))
- [Expanding](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/expanding.html) ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/expanding.html))
- [D3 Graph Engine](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/graph_engine.html) ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/graph_engine.html))
- Large Graph (source)

Commit message:

update docs, add large graph example

graphty-element/README.md, after:

[Progressive WebXR](https://blog.mozvr.com/progressive-webxr-ar-store/)
3D force-directed graph using [Babylon.js](https://www.babylonjs.com/).

Inspired by [three-forcegraph](https://github.com/vasturiano/three-forcegraph).

Examples:
- [Basic](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/basic.html)
  ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/basic.html)): The simplest of demos.
- [Styles](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/styles.html)
  ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/styles.html)):
  Get a random style every time you reload the page.
- [Pretty](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/pretty.html)
  ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/pretty.html)):
  Custom node, edge, and skybox textures.
- [Loading JSON
  data](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/json_data.html)
  ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/json_data.html)): Example of loading nodes from a [JSON
    file](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/data/miserables.json)
    that contains 77 nodes and 253 edges.
- [Expanding](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/expanding.html)
  ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/expanding.html)): Double click on a node to dynamically load the related nodes.
- [D3 Graph
  Engine](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/graph_engine.html)
  ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/graph_engine.html)): Layout using the [D3 graph
  engine](https://github.com/vasturiano/d3-force-3d). (Default engine is
  [ngraph](https://github.com/anvaka/ngraph.forcelayout))
- [Events](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/events.html)
  ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/pretty.html)):
  Example of catching events from graphs, nodes, and edges. Open up the
  JavaScript Developer Console to see the `console.log` messages when events are caught.
- [Large
  Graph](https://apowers313.github.io/babylon-forcegraph/examples/large.html)
  ([source](https://github.com/apowers313/babylon-forcegraph/blob/master/examples/large.html)):
  A graph with ~4,000 nodes.
